I mean I got a whole different mentality
feel a different genre music he's going
on me just looking life good luck told
me why you gotta be so bad this is a
baby I was shown your life if we don't
have no cash no crib in 20 dad what your
life was really like when my heroes had
16 I hit the ad with like three fo bags
made of stretching the checks is where I
keep my cash you're young that you can
never trust the opposite man get
backstabbed by the niggas you leave
watching your back watching the AB move
this from the clock in the stash watch
my role model some crack right through
jax from gambit think you do it i'm like
why not only time you stayed brokers
when you grind style so five blocks is
my nine-to-five they my family if I
gotta go to jail I know they'll
understand your best friend slip on my
career cuz you hurt me now found out it
father soon as I turn around but
whatever they quote snakes I can see it
in the eyes this is they'll do that I
really need him in my life I'm saying
looking for a wife I'm to Willoughby
judges probably would be nice to
experience love I close my eyes I been
nothing but patient with him realizing
every sinner got a little satan a nerd
nigger around you gotta look Hayden in
them they born with it just something
that Adam engraved into my changing I
really got to come inside the light cuz
niggas died in my profile 25 lifetime
what would you do sitting inside of that
sound longer hungry and you know there's
no chance to the pair money I'm so sorry
for you niggas man for leader we all got
a plan mentally just achieve that my
mama told me I'm the last of a dying
breed I mean my whole family line on
what's inside of me I'll rather spread
love and I can't
rather be friend went before the enemy I
know that sounds corny but it had silver
because i have seen beeps on my friends
to memories shrimp got a smooth i type
of this mixtape better music is like
looking at from an egg never like she's
changing mass I'm just trying to share
my gotta come to a new chapter get lost
I shots at all money game that shot city
what it do is crack I'll I got the best
cuts dog house of y'all looking at me
from a different stance shopper top of
that change thank you set a meeting
strategies because I rock about reality
ice water fairy on a different
sounds like me telling ghost stories
don't even sound like I'm gonna mind you
playing I'm saying we're loose know what
it is